added documentation (#1548)
Adyen/adyen-ios: AdyenTwint/AdyenTwint.docc/AdyenTwint.md

# ``AdyenTwint``

> This module is used for supporting the Twint payment method through app via the `TwintComponent`. In order to support Twint payment via the Twint App, make sure to include this module in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is used for supporting the Twint payment method through the native Twint SDK via the `TwintComponent`. In order to support Twint payments via the native Flow, make sure to include this module in your application.
```

Author: Good point

## Overview

> The flow for Twint via App starts with the `TwintComponent`. After pressing the button on the component, `TwintComponent` makes a `/payments` call with `subtype: sdk` and trigger the flow with retrieving the code through `ActionComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flow for Twint via the native SDK starts with the `TwintComponent`. After pressing the button on the component, `TwintComponent` makes a `/payments` call with `subtype: sdk` and trigger the flow with retrieving the code through `ActionComponent`.
```

### Drop-in
For Twint app flow configure the `actionComponent` with a returnUrl scheme
```
dropInConfig.actionComponent.twint = .init(callbackAppScheme: yourReturnURLScheme)
```

Set your `AdyenSession` instance as Drop-in's delegate to let it handle the flow.
```
dropIn.delegate = self.session
```

### Components
Create a `TwintPaymentMethod` instance from your payment methods list.
```
let paymentMethod = paymentMethods.paymentMethod(ofType: TwintPaymentMethod.self)
```

Create the the `TwintComponent` with the `paymentMethod` and the `configuration`.
```
let component = TwintComponent(paymentMethod: paymentMethod, context: adyenContext, configuration: configuration)
```

Set your `AdyenSession` instance as the delegate to let it handle the flow.
```
component.delegate = self.adyenSession
```

Your app must configure a `callbackAppScheme` so that it is reopened once the payment is done.

```
componentConfig.actionComponent.twint = .init(callbackAppScheme: yourReturnURLScheme)
```

### Note:

> 1. Your app should implement the callback in the `AppDelegate.m` by adding below method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your app should call the `RedirectComponent` in the `AppDelegate` by adding below method.
```

```

> - (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application openURL:(NSURL *)url

Reviewer: ```swift
func application(_ app: UIApplication, open url: URL, options: [UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey: Any] = [:]) -> Bool {
    RedirectComponent.applicationDidOpen(from: url)
    return true
}
```
